DOCS-11592 Add system prop for default Content-Type (#2001)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-system-properties.adoc

|`com.mulesoft.dw.buffer.memory.monitoring`|`Boolean`|`false`|_Experimental:_ When set to `true`, logs a message each time a slot from the memory pool is taken or released. The behavior is useful for troubleshooting.
`com.mulesoft.dw.buffer.memory.monitoring` supports an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave.
|`com.mulesoft.dw.xml.supportDTD`|`Boolean`|`false`|Controls whether DTD handling is enabled or disabled. When this property is set to `false`, DataWeaves skips processing of both internal and external subsets. Note that the default for this property changed from `true` to `false` in Mule version 4.3.0-20210427, which includes the May, 2021 patch of DataWeave version 2.3.0.

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.multipart.defaultContentType`|`String`|`application/octet-stream`|Sets the default Content-Type used on parts of the `multipart/*` format where a `Content-Type` is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`com.mulesoft.dw.multipart.defaultContentType`|`String`|`application/octet-stream`|Sets the default Content-Type to use on parts of the `multipart/*` format when a `Content-Type` is not specified.
```
